README.md, before:

# Introduction

This project provides a demo application written by Dasudian DataHub C SDK for Embedded device. It should be run on uCOSII.

This document introduces the structure of current directory, how to compile and run demo and ask for help. If you want to know the details of APIs, please read file *docs/API.md* or header file *lib/DataHubClient.h*.

## Directory Introduction

There are 3 directories: *docs*, *lib*, *ucosII*.

### docs directory

*API.md* introduces APIs. You can also read file *lib/DataHubClient.h* instead.

### lib directory

*dasudian-datahub-vx.x.lib* is the static library which contains all the APIs.

*DataHubClient.h* is the header file of general APIs beginning with "datahub_".

*DatahubNetwork.h* defines APIs using to connect the internet/Internet, which will be implemented by user.

*ignore other unimportant files*

### ucosII directory

This directory contains all the files to build demo application. It is based on LWIP-1.4.1, ucosII. It is developed on STM32F407ZG.

*ucosII/CORE* contains core files to start up STM32F407ZG.

*ucosII/FWLIB* contains source and header files of STM32F407ZG's firmware.

*ucosII/HARDWARE* contains drivers of hardwares, such as key, LED and ethernet netcard.

*ucosII/LWIP* contains source and header files of LWIP.

*ucosII/LWIP_APP/lwip_comm/* contains drivers of ethernet.

**ucosII/LWIP_APP/datahub_demo/** contains the most important codes of this demo, which calls DATAHUB APIs to send data.

*ucosII/MALLOC* implements a memory pool.

*ucosII/SYSTEM* contains an implementation of delay, initialization of system clock and initialization of serial port.

*ucosII/UCOSII* contains all the codes of OS ucosII.

*ucosII/USER/* contains the function main() in main.c.

## How to compile and run demo applications

Compiler: keil 5.22

Environment: uCOSII

In-circuit debugger and programmer: ST-Link

Board: STM32F4 EXPLORER from ALIENTEK

use keil to open ucosII/USER/Template.uvprojx, build, and then download. It should work, otherwise see Q&A for help.

## Q&A

Commit message:

add section 'how to develop your own application'

README.md, after:

# Introduction

This project provides a demo application written by Dasudian DataHub C SDK for Embedded device. It should be run on uCOSII.

This document introduces the structure of current directory, how to compile and run demo and ask for help. If you want to know the details of APIs, please read file *docs/API.md* or header file *lib/DataHubClient.h*.

## Directory Introduction

There are 3 directories: *docs*, *lib*, *ucosII*.

### docs directory

*API.md* introduces APIs. You can also read file *lib/DataHubClient.h* instead.

### lib directory

*dasudian-datahub-vx.x.lib* is the static library which contains all the APIs.

*DataHubClient.h* is the header file of general APIs beginning with "datahub_".

*DatahubNetwork.h* defines APIs using to connect the internet/Internet, which will be implemented by user.

*ignore other unimportant files*

### ucosII directory

This directory contains all the files to build demo application. It is based on LWIP-1.4.1, ucosII. It is developed on STM32F407ZG.

*ucosII/CORE* contains core files to start up STM32F407ZG.

*ucosII/FWLIB* contains source and header files of STM32F407ZG's firmware.

*ucosII/HARDWARE* contains drivers of hardwares, such as key, LED and ethernet netcard.

*ucosII/LWIP* contains source and header files of LWIP.

*ucosII/LWIP_APP/lwip_comm/* contains drivers of ethernet.

**ucosII/LWIP_APP/datahub_demo/** contains the most important codes of this demo, which calls DATAHUB APIs to send data.

*ucosII/MALLOC* implements a memory pool.

*ucosII/SYSTEM* contains an implementation of delay, initialization of system clock and initialization of serial port.

*ucosII/UCOSII* contains all the codes of OS ucosII.

*ucosII/USER/* contains the function main() in main.c.

## How to compile and run demo applications

Compiler: keil 5.22

Environment: windows 7 x64 Home Basic

In-circuit debugger and programmer: ST-Link

Board: STM32F4 EXPLORER from ALIENTEK, running uCOSII

use keil to open ucosII/USER/Template.uvprojx, build, and then download. It should work, otherwise see Q&A for help.

## How to develop your own application

1. Transplant uCOSII to your board successfully. It is the basic step.

2. Implement APIs defined in file lib/DatahubNetwork.h, including NewNetwork(), ConnectNetwork(), ucos_read(), ucos_write(), ucos_disconnect(). These APIs are used to connect internet/Internet. Without them, compilation will occur errors.(Demo implements these APIs in file ucosII/LWIP_APP/datahub_demo/datahub_demo.c)

3. Use APIs defined in file lib/DataHubClient.h to connect and send data to IoT DataHub of Dasudian.(Demo connects and sends data to IoT DataHub of Dasudian in file ucosII/LWIP_APP/datahub_demo/datahub_demo.c as well)
4. Build and download, your application should work on your own board.

## Q&A
